Gu Nuannuan, you take me for a fool
This pile of rags wants me to 5 million
Han Shao, didn't you say it?
You buy people whatever they like
My brother froze the money in my card
I only have 1 million now
What to do then?
If you can't pay
It's going to be a joke
Oh no. Oh no.
Dignified Gu family daughter
Dangtang is still the young master of the group
Can't even afford 5 million
Do you want to call your parents?
How can I not afford this 5 million
That is.
Do you think Han Shao is you poor ghosts?
Hey, you should pay quickly.
Don't disturb people's business
Han Shao, these clothes
These clothes are too old-fashioned.
Not worthy of our baby
No. That's all.
Is this the latest model in our store?
I want these clothes.
What!